# Privacy Policy for LibrePass

*Last Update: 14 September 2023*

## Introduction

In the LibrePass, we respect your privacy and prioritize the
security of your personal data. This Privacy Policy aims to
explain how we collect, store, process, and safeguard your
personal data when you use our application and services.

1. Types of data collected

1.1. Registration Data

When creating an account in LibrePass, we collect basic
information such as email addresses. These details are necessary
to create your account and ensure the security of your access
to the application. We do not store your account password, only
the public key, which is calculated from this password.

1.2. Password Data

The LibrePass application allows you to store and manage your
passwords. This data is encrypted on your device before being
sent to our server, so no one (not even someone with access to
our server) can read your passwords. We do not share your data
with anyone, even those that are encrypted.

1.3. Technical Data

While using the application, certain technical data, such as IP
address, last login date is automatically collected. The data is
used for diagnostic purposes, improving application
functionality and preventing brute force attacks.

2. Purpose of Data Processing

2.1. Service Provision

Your registration data is processed to enable you to use the
LibrePass application. Without this information, we cannot
provide you with access to the application's features.

2.2. Password Security

Your passwords are encrypted on your device, and then in
encrypted form they are securely sent to the LibrePass server to
keep them in sync. This ensures that no one can read your
passwords without knowing your master password (not even someone
with access to the database).

3. Sharing Personal Data with Third Parties

We do not share your personal data with third parties, except
when required by applicable law or to protect our rights,
safety, and the rights and safety of other users.

4. User Rights

You have the right to:

- Access your personal data held by LibrePass.
- Correct your personal data in case of inaccuracies or errors.
- Delete your account at any time. (You currently need to
contact us to do this).

5. Changes to the Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy may be updated to reflect changes in our
data processing practices or changes in legal requirements. Any
updates will be announced on the LibrePass project's website.

6. Contact

If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy
Policy, please contact us at librepass@medzik.dev.

Thank you for using LibrePass and for placing your trust in us.
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy and protecting
your personal data.
